---
title: Careers
description: Positron is hiring Rust engineers with Vulkan, database, and P2P programming experience
published_date: "2021-01-21 10:45:59 +0000"
layout: default.liquid
is_draft: false
permalink: /careers
slug: careers
---

<section class="careers meat">
<div class="inner">

# Careers - You Future Much?

In this fast-moving phase, we're all looking for values, vision, and workstyle
alignment. Some skills are guaranteed to have a bright future here, and while we
aren't keeping an updated list of openings, [contact
us](mailto:careers@positron.solutions) if you feel like these skills and values
have a strong fit. The best way to get a foot in the door is of course to land a
pull request against [our open source
contributions.](https://github.com/positron-solutions)

## Skills

Skill alignment tells us if we have work that you can do well and what kinds of
work you will be exposed to down the road

### Rust

You enjoy a high level of control over execution, zero-cost abstractions, and
high assurances that the things you build will not break for many months and
years in production. You like a community that cares about doing it once and
doing it right. Trusting the code you work on to continue working is your
spiritual dao

### Vulkan

You have written visually fascinating shaders in multiple languages. You've
contributed to a Rust-to-SPIR-V compiler library. You can reason about how to
load vertex lists asynchronously and coordinate pipeline dispatch in your head

### Distributed Database

LSM's and Raft are how you start repositories. You've trained backend
programmers how to structure their data for an immutible log-backed system using
CQRS materialized views. You actually use data structures _after_ the interview

### P2P Filesharing & Crypto

Kademlia trees, Merkel trees, and cryptographic signatures are your thing. You
have a first and second favorite network that you're hosting a node on from your
home. You've programmed smart contracts and verified their behavior downstream

### Pure Build & Distribution

Nix or Guix? You've built so many programs from source that you can tell what to
fix just from looking at the shape of the log output. If it needs to run on a
platform, you can make it build and run, every single time for everyone who runs
it

## Values

Value alignment is a predictor for being able to come together around a common
vision and cooperate to execute a singular mission

### Finite

You have a strong aesthetic that motivatees your ambitions. Style is one of your
fundamental sources of drive. You would rather do it for the cool even when it's
the pragmatic choice. You exist against the void. Your aesthetic is finite,
positive, and large

### Positive

You work on things that deliver a net benefit. You like open systems and respect
independence, but if malevolence tries to coopt what you build, you take
decisive & effective action. The kind of impact is as important as the scale of
impact you have

### Large

You are mezmerized by complex ecosystems filled with colorful social
interactions. You obsess about what that ecosystem needs so much that it becomes
your personal priority

## Singapore and Remote

Are you local? [Say hi!](mailto:contact@positron.solutions) because we can't be
far! Due to Covid, there's not much travel in and out of Singapore currently, so
all non-local starts will have to be remote. In any case, we're positioned to be
one of the better companies at remote work. If you're not local but would prefer
to be local, Singapore's great, and you should get in touch!

## Get in Touch!

Again, while we don't publish specific positions at this time, if you want to be
on our radar, [tell us why](mailto:careers@positron.solutions) so we can know
when to reach out in the future!
